OSDOCS-6454 Tech preview and RN for MaxUnavailableStatefulSet (#62591)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../nodes/scheduling/nodes-scheduler-pod-topology-spread-constraints.adoc#nodes-scheduler-pod-topology-spread-constraints[Controlling pod placement by using pod topology spread constraints].

[id="ocp-4-14-MaxUnavailableStatefulSet"]
==== MaxUnavailableStatefulSet enabled

> With this release, the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet` is enabled to allow users to define the maximum number of StatefulSet pods that can be unavailable during updates. This reduces application downtown when upgrading.  

Reviewer: Since "StatefulSet" is a specific type of pod, would it be in backticks? We do this for similar pods, eg `State` pod, `thanos-querier` pod etc. 

```suggestion
With this release, the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet` featureset configuration parameter is enabled by default. This allows users to define the maximum number of `StatefulSet` pods that can be unavailable during updates, and reduces application downtown when upgrading.  
```
Is it a configuration parameter? I think it is, based on what I can find in the docs. Either way, we'd want to put _some_ noun phrase after MaxUnavailableStatefulSet. For example: ". . . the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet` ____(noun/phrase)____ is enabled...

Some guidance: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

Author: I think you are right, thanks!

Reviewer 2: @cbippley also i think downtown should be replaced by downtime

Author: Yeah, that makes sense. Whoops

For more information, see xref:../nodes/scheduling/nodes-scheduler-pod-topology-spread-constraints.adoc#nodes-scheduler-pod-topology-spread-constraints[Controlling pod placement by using pod topology spread constraints].

[id="ocp-4-14-MaxUnavailableStatefulSet"]
==== MaxUnavailableStatefulSet enabled

With this release, the `MaxUnavailableStatefulSet` featureset configuration parameter is enabled by default. This allows users to define the maximum number of `StatefulSet` pods that can be unavailable during updates, and reduces application downtown when upgrading.  

> 

Reviewer 2: @cbippley downtown should be changed to downtime, a small typo :-)

|Technology Preview
|Technology Preview

> |MaxUnavailableStatefulSet featureset

Reviewer: There aren't a lot of examples to work from to make me feel one way or the other about this, but did you consider putting this in backticks? In the description above, it is in backticks. I think it _should_ be in backticks since, what I can find out about this, is that it's a configuration parameter. I might be wrong about what it is, though.

Author: Seems right, thank you!
